The code that is a part of Jarsync itself, including everything except
the packages described below, is covered under the GNU General Public
License, version 2 or later.  A copy of this license is included in the
top-level directory (the same directory as this file is in) named
`COPYING'.  Additionally, Jarsync permits linking with non-free modules
to create an executable, by this exception:

   Linking this library statically or dynamically with other modules is
   making a combined work based on this library.  Thus, the terms and
   conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole
   combination.
  
   As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give
   you permission to link this library with independent modules to
   produce an executable, regardless of the license terms of these
   independent modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting
   executable under terms of your choice, provided that you also meet,
   for each linked independent module, the terms and conditions of the
   license of that module.  An independent module is a module which is
   not derived from or based on this library.  If you modify this
   library, you may extend this exception to your version of the
   library, but you are not obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to
   do so, delete this exception statement from your version.

ALTERNATIVELY, you may choose to license Jarsync under the Apache
License, version 2.0. You may obtain a copy of this license at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

A copy is also provided in the file COPYING.apache.

If you modify Jarsync, you may extend this same choice of license for
your library, but you are not obligated to do so. If you do not offer
the same license terms, delete the license terms that your library is
NOT licensed under.

Note that this choice of license DOES NOT apply to files in Jarsync
that are copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation. These files
include:

  org/metastatic/rsync/BrokenMD4.java
  org/metastatic/rsync/MD4.java
  org/metastatic/rsync/Util.java

These files are only licensed under the GNU General Public License
with the exception text above. Other parts of Jarsync do not directly
depend on these files, and are licensed under the choice of license
explained above.

--

The (currently incomplete) rsync-compatible client and server is covered
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, WITHOUT the above
exception. If you are in doubt about how a file is licensed, see the
sources; each file declares its license terms at the top.

Any license that applies to other software that Jarsync uses and
includes in this distribution does not necessarily affect how Jarsync is
licensed.  Note that the license terms of getopt and/or jzlib may
conflict with these permissions in certain circumstances; in such
instances these libraries must not be used in the final executable.

Aaron M. Renn's Java port of the GNU getopt library, here included in
the directory `getopt', is covered by the GNU Library (or Lesser)
General Public License, version 2 or later.  The LGPL is included for
this package in the file `COPYING.getopt'.
